So I hope that you have
enjoyed the course today.
And as we have looked at all kinds
of interesting ways of working with
both Flexbox and grid,
they can be combined.
They can be nested one
inside of each other.
And I hope that some of the work that
you've looked at here have inspired
you to think more deeply about the types
of layouts that you can make on your
web pages and how those might
change across media queries.
And if you liked this course the next
one that might make sense for
you to watch would be our CSS advanced
layouts which is here at frontend
masters and goes through layouts that
are leveraging things like Calc and
CSS custom properties or variables.
It also looks at things like hamburger
buttons built only with CSS and
it does some work with
responsive tables as well.
All of that would be a great next step for
you once you've watched this course.
Thanks again.
>> This person's asking
about making the resume or
like allowing it to be downloaded and
shared.
>> Okay, yeah so, for your resume,
if you want it to be downloaded,
like somebody wants to
save it to their computer.
Unfortunately a PDF is probably
the best way to do that that's gonna
preserve all your formatting and stuff.
Another way that you can do that that
might be helpful would be to look at
print styles, CSS print styles which
are I mean they're similar at CSS but
it's designed to set up your web page
such that it's supposed to be printed.
And so when you put it into the print
format inside of your browser,
it could look completely different.
You could take the color out of it.
You could set things up
to display in columns.
You can put in page breaks.
There's all kinds of interesting things
that you can do with a printed layout,
so that might be another possibility for
you.
But grid is not necessarily gonna address
the ability to download a resume.
>> Yeah, I've seen people like make a
print stylesheet and then you click print,
you're on it and then you can just like
print and then save that as a PDF and
make that available.
>> Yep, absolutely.
That's true.
So yeah, when you go to,
at least on the Mac, when you go and
you say print one of
the options is print to a PDF.
And if you have some good print CSS print
styles in place then that will in theory
put together a document that will
look great for somebody to download.